Name: Dr. Di Wu
University: University of Central Florida
PhD positions starting from fall 2023/spring 2024 at UCF
About Me. Di Wu is an incoming tenure-track assistant professor in the Department of ECE at
the University of Central Florida, starting in fall 2023. He received his PhD from the Department
of ECE at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in the USA, and his Bachelor’s and Master’s de-
grees from Fudan University in China. His research interests are in emerging areas of computer
architecture, such as unary, approximate, and neuromorphic computing. His work at Cerebras
Systems has been commercialized within the Cerebras Wafer-Scale Engines for deep learning. His
research has been published in premier conferences on computer architecture, VLSI, and EDA,
including ISCA, HPCA, DAC, ISLPED, etc. He is a recipient of the Wisconsin Distinguished
Graduate Fellowship 2022, and his research was selected as a Qualcomm Innovation Fellowship
Finalist in 2019 and awarded as an IEEE Micro Top Pick in 2021. He has also been recognized
with the Gerald Holdridge Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award from the Department of ECE
at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and nominated for the campus-wide Capstone PhD
Teaching Award by the department. He has mentored two undergraduate/graduate students,
who published in ISCA and later started PhD study at Yale University and the University of
Wisconsin-Madison. His full CV can be accessed at www.diwu-research.com.
About Position. Di is now hiring two PhD students, with anticipated start dates of fall 2023
for domestic students and spring 2024 for international students. Potential research topics in-
clude domain-specific acceleration and cross-domain design methodology for emerging ap-
plications, e.g., large language models, quantum error correction, brain-computer interfaces,
robotics, AR/VR, and beyond. Di expects a research style driven by interest, which he be-
lieves is the strongest motivation for conducting research. If you are interested, please contact Di
with your latest CV at di.wu@ece.wisc.edu.
About Orlando. Here is a bit more information about Orlando, where the University of Central
Florida is located. Orlando is situated in the center of Florida and has a yearly temperature
between 13 and 33 degrees Celsius. The city is famous for its world-renowned theme parks,
including Walt Disney World, Universal Studios, and SeaWorld, as in the picture below. It also
boasts natural beauty, with crystal-clear springs, picturesque lakes, and scenic parks and nature
reserves. Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy a variety of activities, such as hiking, biking, kayaking,
fishing, and golf. Additionally, Orlando is home to the 7th largest international airport in the
USA, making it convenient to connect with the rest of the world.